dashboard tutorial update (#38)
jellyfish-dev/jellyfish-docs: docs/tutorials/dashboard.mdx

When Jellyfish runs in a cluster, and the Dashboard requests a new room, it's created on the Jellyfish instance with the lowest load.
Information about the specific Jellyfish instance that hosts the newly created room is returned in the HTTP response body.

## Data collected by Jellyfish

> For each server, Jellyfish collects webRTC-like data about the rooms, clients and streamed tracks. You can see them in the dashboard using the **Internals** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each server, Jellyfish collects WebRTC statistics about the rooms, clients and streamed tracks. You can see them in the dashboard using the **Internals** button.
```

![Internals button](/img/tutorials/dashboard/dashboard_internals_button.png)

> The button opens a new tab with the panel to connect to the WebSocket of the room of choice.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The button opens a new tab with the panel to connect to the WebSocket of the Jellyfish of choice.
```
